it's Oscar nomination day today this
morning the break of dawn the nominees
for the 92nd annual Academy Awards were
revealed it was a big day for 1917 the
year not the movie though the movie -
but 19 of the 20 acting nominees are
white people no women were nominated for
Best Director
that's fewer minorities than in Donald
Trump's cabinet so the movie cats got
shut out so no cats were even nominated
no actually Universal the studio that
made cats pulled the movie from Oscar
contention which is always funny because
they probably didn't need to do that I
mean that's that's like Mike Pence
pulling out of contention for a Soul
Train award it's unnecessary double
congratulations to Scarlett Johansson
who got her first and second ever
nominations for Best Supporting Actress
Best Actress Renee Zellweger was also
nominated for Best Actress for her role
as Judy Garland in the biopic Judy which
as far as I know does not exist no one I
know as I has seen that movie and maybe
the most surprising Best Picture nominee
was Ford vs. Ferrari this is a movie
that was apparently so good even Matt
Damon couldn't ruin it it's medicine
ball strapped to your ass the big winner
today with 11 nominations was the comic
book movie Joker it's been a big year
for mentally old clowns already and with
that said the White House yesterday
tweeted there this is their late entry
for Best Picture they wrote first snow
of the year he sees a photo beautiful
photo of snow falling on the White House
and she's fine he said there was no snow
in Washington last night here yes
and in fact it was 70° according to the
National Weather Service even their
weather is alive the impeachment will be
falling on DC this week the Speaker of
the House Nancy Pelosi said she's ready
to send the articles of impeachment to
the Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell will then take time to digest
them through all five of his stomach
chambers and even with the with damning
new evidence coming in all the time on
this Republicans continue to claim they
don't see anything wrong with the way
Trump handled Ukraine and the same way
our Kelly didn't see anything wrong with
a little bump and grind do you know what
I'm saying the president took a field
trip tonight to New Orleans for the
college football championship game this
is the third college football game Trump
has been to this season which is three
more games than he ever watched Eric or
Don junior play but the Clemson Tigers
played the LSU Tigers at the Super Bowl
the Tigers won as I predicted they would
so Trump was at the game tonight he's
been trying to get out in front of
friendly crowds lately and on Thursday
he held a pep himself up rally in Toledo
during which he again made the
preposterous claim that people think
he's better than Abraham Lincoln they
put me in a contest with the late great
Abraham Lincoln right so who do you like
better
Trump or Abraham Lincoln I said Abraham
they say they did Apollo miss I think I
remember the numbers all I know is we
won against Abraham Honest Abe we won
53 to 47 you believe that no I don't
maybe it happened but I still don't
believe it but go on I went back to the
first lady I said first lady I just beat
Abraham Lincoln ha ha he caused the
first lady first lady first lady come
get present daddy a kiss right on the
Trump also a week after almost running
us into a war loudly complaining that he
didn't win the Nobel Prize for Peace I
mean I'm here to tell you about the
Nobel Peace Prize I'll tell you about
that I made a deal I saved a country and
I just heard that the head of that
country is now getting the Nobel Peace
Prize for saving the country well maybe
maybe we should blow them up I guess I
don't know so far this week he's taking
credit for saving Ethiopia and curing
cancer he also landed that plane on the
Hudson you remember the media said it
was Sully Sullenberger but I know for a
fact that was Trump all the way
meanwhile the vice president you know
when your grandpa comes to visit you
give him a project to keep them occupied
so he doesn't get any trouble well for
Mike pants that project involves rocket
ships President Trump launched the first
new branch of our armed forces in 70
years the United States space force has
arrived
[Applause]
then they put him in a box full of
packing peanuts and shipped him home you
know in England there's they're going
crazy in England right now because
Prince Harry and Megan are Markel have
decided to drop out of the royal family
so there was an emergency meeting of the
Majesties today to discuss this the
Queen held the meeting the whole family
at one of her country estates I would
have loved there been a fly on the
cucumber sandwiches for that one I'll
tell you that this is causing a lot of
consternation in the UK the Queen is
said to be disappointed and hurt by the
decision which is I just don't
understand let me get this straight
Royal Family's upset that Harry and
Megan want to move out and become
financially independent isn't that every
parent's dream to not have their 35 year
old kids still living with them hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that you are a box